remove old overview infrastructure and add home tab doc (#17323)
netdata/netdata: docs/dashboard/home-tab.md

# Home Tab

> The Home tab allows users to see an overview of their Space.

Author: good catch

## Total nodes

> The total amount of nodes is presented, dissected also by their state, Live, Offline or Stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of nodes is presented and dissected by their state, Live, Offline or Stale.
```

## Active alerts

> The number of the active alerts are presented in a donut chart, while also having counters for both Critical and Warning alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of active alerts is presented in a donut chart, while also having counters for both Critical and Warning alerts.
```

## Nodes map

A map consisting of node entries allows for quick hoverable information about each node, while also presenting node status in a color-coded way.

The map classification can be altered, allowing the categorization of nodes by:

- Status (e.g. Live)
- OS (e.g. Ubuntu)
- Technology (e.g. Container)

> - Agent version (e.g. X.XX.X)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Agent version (e.g. v1.45.2)
```

- Replication factor (e.g. Single, Multi)
- Cloud provider (e.g AWS)

> - Cloud region (e.g. Europe)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cloud region (e.g. us-east-1)
```

- Instance type (e.g. c6a.xlarge)

Color-coding can also be configured between:

- Status (e.g. Live, Offline)
- Connection stability (e.g. Stable, Unstable)
- Replication factor (e.g. None, Single)

## Data replication

> There are two views about data replication in the Home tab:
> 
> The first bar chart presents the amount of **Parents**, **Children** and **Standalone** nodes.
> 
> The second bar chart presents the amount of nodes depending on their Replication factor, **None**, **Single** and **Multi**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two views about data replication in the Home tab:

The first bar chart presents the amount of **Parents**, **Children** and **Standalone** nodes.

The second bar chart presents the number of nodes depending on their Replication factor, **None**, **Single** and **Multi**.
```

## Alerts overview over the last 24h

> There are two views that displays information about nodes that produced the most alerts and top alerts in the last 24h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two views that display information about nodes that produced the most alerts and top alerts in the last 24 hours.
```

The first bar chart presents the nodes that produced the most alerts in a time window of the last 24 hours.

The second table contains the top alerts in the last 24 hours, along with their instance, the occurrences and their duration in seconds.

## Netdata Assistant shortcut

In the Home tab there is a shortcut button in order to start an instant conversation with the [Netdata Assistant](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/docs/cloud/netdata-assistant.md).

## Space metrics

There are three key metrics that are displayed in the Home tab, **Metrics collected**, **Charts visualized** and **Alerts configured**.

## Data retention per Nodes

> This bar chart presents the amount of nodes in relation to their retention period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bar chart shows the number of nodes based on their retention period.
```
